YOUR LIFE IS DETERMINED BY WHERE YOU SPEND YOUR TIME.
WHERE YOU SPEND YOUR TIME IS DETERMINED BY YOUR ENERGY.
YOUR ENERGY IS DETERMINED BY THE BED+KITCHEN+GYM TRIFECTA.
THAT TRIFECTA IS DETERMINED BY RUTHLESS DISCIPLINE.

  There are several areas I want to grow in this year:
  All of these have prerequisites. That's why I'm ordering them they way they are.
It's not from least to most important, it's just based on what each one requires.
I don't want to slip up in even one category, which means I need to run a pretty
tight ship.
  

  1) Heroic fitness and health: bed -> kitchen -> gym; strength that accommodates running fast and far and climbing; social runs & climbs1
  2) Laser mind: concentration and mindfulness, not only utilitarian, but experiencing my own life to the max
  3) Christ-discipleship: meaning, connection to God, leaving porn behind forever, give my strength to people
  4) Social wealth: balance of many connections plus the most quality packed into each connection
  5) Financial wealth: optimize a plan to invest, pay off house, and have unmitigated fun
  6) Fun-having: starcraft, traveling, dancing
  7) Creative outlets: finish and make stuff with jollybean, grow to Level 6 in guitar
  8) Romance: in person, not online. Remaster the things you learned.

  Great. Now strategize a way to juggle them.
  Joy's centerpiece is people. That means I want to leave the best part of my day wide open to encountering the best
people in the world. But also, weekends are shorter now. That means I have less time to have fun, and so I don't want
to spend too much of my precious free days working on anything. This meanns I need to go hard, squeezing all the juice
out of every minute of my day, down to the last drop. I also have to be conscious of the ebb and flow of my energy.
  Finally, to MAKE SURE I DON'T SKIMP ON HAVING FUN AND BEING HAPPY, I'm starting my planning with Friday.
  Finally finally, I need to feed my head the right things to keep on track with certain goals.
  Finally finally finally, think in hours instead of rigid schedules.

  Don't tightly pack your time. Leave implicit space for hygiene, relaxation, eating, and even going over/under some alotted hours.

  FRIDAY: 6 hours
      listen to Jocko Willink audiobook on way to work
      woody (2 hours)
      meetup event (4 hours)
      read 2% Man to sleep (1 hour, yes, stay up later)
  SATURDAY: 16 hours
      6am run @ fleet feet (2 hours)
      jollybean development (while brain is freshly oxygen-packed) (2 hours)
      guitar (1 hour)
      Bible + journal (1 hour)
      a slow and easy game, OR have people over for a board game (hmmm, should invest in board games) (3 hours)
      a fast and immersive, first-person multiplayer game (1 hour)
      read and/or listen to music (3 hours)
      woody (2 hours)
      read Wherever You Go, There You Are to sleep (1 hour)
  SUNDAY: 16 hours
      mindfulness meditation (0.25 hours)
      church (One Community Church, in Plano) (3 hours)
      pick recipe for the week (0.5 hours)
      grocery shop (1 hour)
      meal-prep (2 hours)
      starcraft (1 hour)
      woody (3 hours -- yes, more time Sunday for the Bayoo)
      Eat, chill, relax to a book or some music (no TV, brain enters a vegetative state) (3 hours)
      guitar (1 hour)
  MONDAY: 6 hours
      concentration meditation (0.25 hours)
      listen to Jocko Willink audiobook on way to work
      woody (2 hours)
      muay thai (1 hour)
      guitar (1 hour)
  TUESDAY: 6 hours
      concentration meditation (0.25 hours)
      listen to Jocko Willink audiobook on way to work
      woody (2 hours)
      jollybean (1 hour)
      30 pullups, 50 pushups, 1 mile (1 hour)
      bible + journal (1 hour)
  WEDNESDAY: 6 hours
      concentration meditation (0.25 hours)
      listen to Jocko Willink audiobook on way to work
      invite some people over for a Saturday board game (perhaps once a month, people want to plan Sats diff sometimes) (0.5 hour)
      woody (2 hours)
      church / bible study group (3 hour)
  THURSDAY: 6 hours
      concentration meditation (0.25 hours)
      listen to Jocko Willink audiobook on way to work
      woody (2 hours)
      jollybean (2 hours)
      guitar (1 hour) 
      30 pullups, 50 pushups, 1 mile (1 hour)

SPECIAL EVENTS TO PLAN:
    travel abroad 2 weeks a year
    (bi?)monthly 90s week
    release 1-3 game(s) a year
    release 5-7 songs a year
    2-3 5k races a year
