  SUN: dev and unit test z-heights 
       sell rest of the furniture
       play 2d games
       run with woody @ dog park
  MON: dev tilemaps
  TUE: unit test tilemaps
  WED: dev & unit test collision system 
  SAT: dev & unit test timer system
  SUN: dev master system
  NEXT WEEKEND: unit test master system
  WEEKEND AFTER THAT: integration test master system
  WEEKEND AFTER THAT: dev gene editor tool
  WEEKEND AFTER THAT: dev tilemap pipeline
  FEBRUARY: study sound production
  MARCH: dev & unit test sound production
  APRIL: study midi
  MAY: dev & unit test midi
  JUNE: integration & valgrind test the whole game engine


COLLISION:
  * shares z-height
  * offsets from dstRect is exclusive. Nobody else needs it but coll system.

RENDER:
  * shares z-height

Think of foolproofing actions in 3 steps:

  0. Gene's void* type-safety
  1. Pushing data to the blackboard
  2. Grabbing data from the blackboard
  3. Guarding against raw, unwrapper'd mapGet()s in the whole Gene directory structure with some kind of make job

  ---------
  - Genes -
  ---------
  0a) Give Gene a string typename #ifndef NDEBUG.
  0b) Make a tool that writes Gene files that does the following (TODO):
  0c) When master reads genes, 

  --------------
  --- bbSet() -- 
  --------------
  1a) Make table mapping keys to typenames #ifndef NDEBUG.
  1b) Write bbSet, a wrapper for mapSet, which does the following:
        * Gets a string from (1a) with the key
        * use a macro to convert expected return type to a string with # prefix
        * assert( !strcmp( the above two things ) );
  1c) also make (1b) consume an enum type that 1) is less than 256 (for Key-conversion) & 2) less than BBKEY_MAX
  1d) make key creation a trivial matter... you shouldn't have to remember which files to edit or where they are
  
  -------------
  -- bbGet() --
  -------------
  2a) Wrap the mapGet in a macro 
  2b) typecheck the expected return type against (1a) (since it'll be all void pointers) 
  2c) assert returned value is !NULL

  3) Research Makefile tricks to calling, say, a grep command that mandates no existing mapGets in directory tree.

Bonuses (in the whatever-future)
  1. Make systems not so FREAKIN painful to build unit tests around
  2. Do the same with Makefiles... Those shouldn't have so much boilerplate either.
  3. Make map's element type disappear when #ifdef NDEBUG
  4. Fix the broken unit tests from the colormap/palette jb trove reorg


Let's desing the crap out of the gene editor odwn here:


jb make gene
