TODO
  be able to chain together disparate genes of the same type to allow INHERITANCE And EXTENDABILITY
    Does this need to be done at the blackboard level too?
    Remind me what those look liek:
      GOOMBA_BATTLESTATS_KEY -> Gommba BattleStats struct pointer
      

      WAIT!
      Do Facets need to be an in-game type? I think not.
      I think they can just be a composite gene whose contents unfold into quirks.
      Then the only storage you need in-game is quirks.
      This is solved by just consuming the gene as you're planning to do and 
      distribute the contents.
      Personalities are only handled at loadtime.

      I want to DO AWAY WITH subcomponents. Break it down into genes; 
      this is less confusing and lets you handle far more than 3 parts of a
      component. This will be the only way to do systems of systems later on;
      it'll let a system pass down "sub"-components to its children as well as
      have normal non-system components itself.

      Existing systems' outmoded xIniSubcomp()s will serve as a good scaffold
      for making xConsumeGene()'s.

Gene script layout: 
  Ahhhh... The nitty gritty.
  MAKEFILE GENERATION (there can't be too many-- in fact, aim for only one that captures them all, pokemon-style)
    this makefile should be regenerated if any new gene types appear or if the gene recipe file is updated

  Consider how to express the following:
    * Mapping KEYS to MUTABLES
    * Mapping SYSTEMS to EXCLUSIVE [IM]MUTABLES
    * COMPOSITE COMPOSITION
    * TOP-LEVEL ONLY of COMPONENTS REQUIRED
    * RESOURCE FILE STRUCTURE
    * MAKEFILE generation
    * BOUNDARIES between GENOMES
    * What do do with genes where something like position is a
      subset of another gene like rectangle?
        - just use the rectangle index. Business as usual.
          Don't complicate things for just one corner case.
    * Minimal resource expression; things like implicit should be
        expressed in the recipe only, and then you're free to
        simply build each genome without worrying about that.

  How to give something a different, say, position or text script
    in each level
      - That's the beauty of genes. You can store multiple vari-
        ations of a gene without wasting too much extra space.
      - Between Figaro burning down and Figaro at peace, there
        should simply be an Action that chooses between different
        genomes with similar genes.
      - For elders telling Link of different things based on diff-
        erent points in the game, it's cleaner to just have an 
        action that chooses between different statements based on 
        some game state.


  How about we learn by exploration. Make Red's genome:
 
  RED:
    Body redBody
    Personality mainCharacterPersonality
    

